153	Amir	Barylko	"Amir Barylko started his career in 1994 working for IBM as a senior developer while he was finishing his Masters degree in computer science. Since then he worked as team leader and architect for the past 15 years.<br /><br />Having started with languages like C++ and Java he spent many years coding in C# and training other developers in topics such domain modeling, abstractions, patterns, automation, dependency injection, testing, etc.<br /><br />Being an incurable geek, always thirsty for knowledge, his passion for technology moved him towards Ruby on Rails a few years ago, becoming an advocate of RoR web development and recently giving his first RoR training.<br /><br />Amir is a rare combination of high technical skills, lots of experience in a wide range of platforms, exceptional presentation skills and great sense of humor. His presentations are always rich in content and fun to attend."	amir@barylko.com	www.orthocoders.com/	www.maventhought.com/	abarylko	amirbarylko.jpg	MavenThought	"Winnipeg, MB"
151	Donald	Belcham	"Donald Belcham is a senior software developer, independent contractor, and agile development expert who is a strong supporter of fundamental OO patterns and practices. He is co-author of the book, “Brownfield Application Development in .NET” (Manning Press, 2009), and actively shares his expertise with other technical professionals at user groups, code camps and conferences held throughout out the world. Past lectures have covered topics that encompass development practices, quality team leadership, and the intricacies of new and emerging technologies.<br /><br />"	donald.belcham@gmail.com	www.igloocoder.com	www.igloocoder.com	dbelcham	donbelcham.jpg	igloocoder.com Consulting Inc.	"Edmonton, AB"
178	Brad	Bird	Coming Soon!	NULL	NULL	www.cistel.com	NULL	nopic.jpg	Cistel Technology Inc.	"Ottawa, ON"
171	Jordan	Boesch	"Jordan is an all around code monkey but monkeys around primarily with JavaScript - oooo ooo eee eee ahh ahh! He has contributed to the jQuery project, is an author at Learning jQuery (http://www.learningjquery.com) and writes a lot of fun plugins that help the open source world. Most of his time is spent on an online employee scheduling company he co-founded called 7shifts (www.7shifts.com). Server guy, backend hacker, front-end slasher and designer are just a few hats he wears while working on 7shifts."	NULL	www.boedesign.com	NULL	jboesch	jordanboesch.jpg	7Shifts	"Regina, SK"
141	Melanie	Cey	"Passionate about people and technology and how to improve processes between development and infrastructure/operations to meet business objectives while keeping the teams happy.    Co-founder of Saskatoon Girl Geek Dinners, advocate for Women in Science and Engineering."	melanie.cey@gmail.com	NULL	NULL	melaniemj	melaniecey.jpg	"Point2, A division of Yardi Systems"	"Saskatoon, SK"
144	James	Chambers	"James Chambers is an entertaining and fast-moving speaker that keeps you on your toes with content coming a mile a minute (or faster). He pulls no punches with the technology he talks about, and knows it inside-out because he uses it every day.  Employed at LogiSense Corp as the Product and Community Development Manager, James is also a Microsoft MVP in Asp.Net/IIS and speaks at conferences, workshops, UG events and brown-bag lunches across Canada where he tries to get the audience laughing with him more than at him. Beyond his technology interests (which span from web to cloud to mobile) he is also active in the community raising funds to alleviate poverty, provide clean drinking water and to help find a cure for Juvenile Diabetes."	james@jameschambers.com	jameschambers.com/blog	jameschambers.com/	CanadianJames	jameschambers.jpg	NULL	"Brandon, MB"
142	Chris	Dagenais	"Chris Dagenais has been working in software development for 12 years at Point2 Technologies Inc.  Starting out developing in java/jsp, and then maturing his skills in C# and .Net he has a great ability to deliver solutions that satisfy the business and development team(s).  Chris’ passion for people and his ability to effectively communicate with business stakeholders and customers led him down the management career path to his current position as Director of Software Development.  For the last 5 years Chris has been leading agile scrum teams and gaining experience with many different aspects of agile management.  Firmly believing that many people and companies can benefit from the experience he has gained his primary focus now is sharing what he’s learned with as many people as possible."	mdchris@gmail.com	NULL	NULL	mdchris	nopic.jpg	"Point2, A division of Yardi Systems"	"Saskatoon, SK"
164	Mike	DeFehr	"Michael DeFehr is an independent SQL Server consultant doing business throught MDD Solutions Ltd. based in Winnipeg, Manitoba. His career has focused on database administration and development using Microsoft SQL Server. <br /><br />A SQL Server MVP, Professional Engineer and Microsoft Certified Information Technology Professional in both Database Development and Administration, Mike has spent the past 15 years producing and maintaining database solutions. Mike specializes in the relational and storage engines and his solutions emphasize performance and simplicity."	mike@defehr.com	mikedefehr.com/	mikedefehr.com/	mdefehr	mikedefehr.jpg	NULL	"Winnipeg, MB"
168	Tyler	Doerksen	"Tyler Doerksen started developing software professionally in the days of .NET 1.1. Since then, he has worked on many different platforms including web, windows, mobile, and cloud computing. Tyler has been a Developer at Imaginet for over four years. In that time he has developed features for enterprise scale solutions, helping businesses achieve their goals through process improvement.<br /><br />Tyler has a keen eye for efficiency and eliminating waste. Tyler will often walk the line between software and infrastructure with experience in Windows Server environments, IIS, and Hyper-V virtualization. He has been working with Windows Azure since its initial release and has become a cloud leader for Imaginet."	tylergd@gmail.com	tylerdev.wordpress.com/	www.imaginet.com	tyler_gd	tylerdoerksen.jpg	Imaginet	"Winnipeg, MB"
161	Andrew	Dyck	"Andrew Dyck is a data scientist based out of Regina and founder of Open Data Saskatchewan, a non-profit organization focused on promoting open data innovation in Saskatchewan. He is an author of research materials in several fields including economics, biology and statistics. Andrew views the coming era of big data as time of opportunity to better understand ourselves and solve many long-standing problems from agriculture to health care and everything in between."	NULL	NULL	NULL	NULL	nopic.jpg	NULL	NULL
170	Matt	Haines	"Software developer by day, amateur hardware hacker by night. Matt has always had a passion for taking things apart, and more recently, putting them back together in new and interesting ways. When he isn't slinging code or stakeholders’ expectations at iQmetrix he is trying to get CrashBang Labs, a new hackerspace in Regina, off the ground so he can share his passion for making things with the Queen City."	NULL	NULL	NULL	beardedinventor	matthaines.jpg	iQMetrix	"Regina, SK"
154	Aaron	Jones	"As a self-described ""Serial ActionPreneur"", Aaron is relentless in his pursuit of creating a Mega-business.  He is committed to a path that would some day see him chumming around with Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg while they compare action figurines from 1980's cartoon series.  In the mean time Aaron's Startup-lust has him funding one project after another while day-lighting as a consultant using Java and a myriad of other technologies.  His business addiction has seen him owning a Brick & Mortar computer store, various startups in the property Management, Real Estate and Insurance spaces; and most recently partaking in an Infrastructure startup.  Aaron's positive outlook can't help but make you feel like anything is possible.  Two of his favorite things are Scotch and Bacon, and when combined usually result in discussions on quantum physics.  His favorite number is 42 and he enjoys being a mentor, father and husband."	aaron@jcc.ca	www.ajones.com/blog/	www.ajones.com	aaronjones	nopic.jpg	AJones Co.	"Regina, SK"
145	James	Kovacs	"James Kovacs is a Technical Evangelist for JetBrains. He is passionate in sharing his knowledge about OO, SOLID, TDD/BDD, testing, object-relational mapping, dependency injection, refactoring, continuous integration, and related techniques.    He blogs on CodeBetter.com as well as his own blog, is a technical contributor for Pluralsight, writes articles for MSDN Magazine and CoDe Magazine, and is a frequent speaker at conferences and user groups. He is the creator of psake, a PowerShell-based build automation tool, intended to save developers from XML Hell.    James is the Ruby Track Chair for DevTeach, one of Canada’s largest independent developer conferences. He received his Bachelors degree from the University of Toronto and his Masters degree from Harvard University."	jkovacs@post.harvard.edu	jameskovacs.com	jameskovacs.com	jameskovacs	jameskovacs.jpg	JetBrains Inc	"Calgary, AB"
166	Nick	Landry	"<p>Nick Landry is a Senior Product Manager for Infragistics, the world leader in user interface development tools that empower developers to build and style immersive user experiences and rich data visualization in line of business applications across all .NET platforms, the Web and mobile devices.</p><p>Nick is at the helm of Infragistics’ mobile, data visualization and mapping developer tools across multiple technologies and platforms. He previously spent a total of 16 years of his career in IT consulting and services organizations across various technical and business roles, designing, building, managing and selling innovative software solutions for some of the world's top brands and Fortune 500 companies.</p><p>Known for his dynamic and engaging style, he is a frequent speaker at major software development conferences worldwide like TechEd, DevConnections, DevTeach and others, and is an 8-year Microsoft MVP awarded on Windows Phone Development. With 20 years of professional experience, Nick is a developer and software architect by trade and specializes in Enterprise Mobility, Location Intelligence & Mapping, Touch Computing & NUI, Cloud Computing and Game Development with XNA. He wrote multiple articles for CODE Magazine, published white papers, wrote several mobility courses, has been a technical editor for IT books, and holds several professional certifications.</p>"	NULL	www.activenick.net	www.activenick.net	activenick	nicklandry.jpg	Infragistics	"Cranbury, NJ"
172	Thomas	Lewis	"Thomas Lewis is a Technical Evangelist at Microsoft who at 8 years old thought that there was a frog apocalypse happening in his yard. It just turned out that the rain made all the frogs come out and hop around. He has been at Microsoft for over 12 years and has evangelized everything from Visual Basic 6 to HTML5 to Design for web developers and designers world-wide. He even once ate a “century egg” while in China.<br /><br />When not talking about the brutality of HTML5, Design and Windows 8, he enjoys his family, wine, death metal and all things 80’s. He is also bent on eradicating IE6 from the planet and will never stop, never."	NULL	NULL	NULL	tommylee	tommylee.jpg	Microsoft	"Vancouver, BC"
138	Chad	McCallum	"With a passion for software development and a stubborn streak the length of Albert Street, Chad McCallum is a local Saskatchewan computer geek with over 6 years of .NET experience (and 2 years of PHP, but we won't talk about that).  After graduating from SIAST Kelsey Campus, he fed his need to organize money-losing social events by founding The Saskatchewan LAN Organization (S-LAN) in Saskatoon.  Realizing he needed a paycheque, he picked up freelance PHP contracting work until he could pester iQmetrix to give him a job, which he’s hung onto for the last 6 years.  There was a brief stint in Vancouver, where he worked on the interactive touchscreen displays you can now see in SaskTel and Jump.ca stores across the province.  Since then, he's come back to his roots in Regina and started HackREGINA, a local hackathon organization aimed at strengthening the developer community while coding and drinking beer.  His current focus is mastering the art of the single-page application through JavaScript.  Between an obsession with video gaming and random mobile application ideas, he tries to learn a new technology every week – you can see the results at www.rtigger.com.  "	chadm@iqmetrix.com	www.rtigger.com	NULL	chademm	chadmccallum.jpg	iQMetrix	"Regina, SK"
176	Jason	Miller	"<p>Jason is from Winnipeg, MB, where he works as a senior network engineer for Clear Concepts building solutions for and providing support services to customers in the small and mid-sized markets. The company’s customers and his travels range across western Canada, including many clients in remote areas of northern British Columbia.  Jason is a volunteer leader of the Winnipeg IT Professionals user group, and he is a Microsoft MVP with a specialization in Windows Small Business Server.  Over the last several years he has delivered technical presentations for IT Professionals at events like Microsoft Tech Days and other conference events on infrastructure management and Windows deployment techniques.</p><p>When he’s not working or geeking out in his spare time, he’s likely wake surfing or relaxing at the cottage in the summer months, or snowboarding during the long Canadian winters.</P>"	NULL	blogs.msmvps.com/jmiller	NULL	jason_miller	jasonmiller.jpg	Clear Concepts	"Winnipeg, MB"
177	Ruth	Morton	"<p>Ruth Morton is a Technology Advisor for Microsoft Canada. Based in Guelph, Ontario, Ruth travels across Canada building relationships with IT managers and professionals, and talking about the latest in technology. She is a host for the AlignIT Manager Tech Talk series (www.microsoft.ca/alignitshow) and writes on the Canadian IT Manager and Canadian IT Pro blogs (blogs.technet.com/cdnitmanagers & blogs.technet.com/canitpro).</p><p>Ruth is known for her authenticity, her ability to build trust and her knack for facilitating the connections and dialogue that matter most to those with whom she speaks. She gets inspired by the opportunity to open up people's minds to the possibilities of Microsoft, to their own potential, and how technology can impact the world.</p><p>Before joining Microsoft, Ruth worked as an IT professional for over 12 years implementing enterprise technologies and formulating IT strategies for organizations in Canada, Europe and the US.</p><p>For ways to connect with Ruth, please go to www.about.me/ruthmorton.</p>"	NULL	NULL	www.about.me/ruthmorton	ruthm	ruthmorton.jpg	Microsoft	"Toronto, ON"
162	David	Mosher	"Dave Mosher is a Front-End Engineer who has been designing and building web applications since using HTML tables for layout started to go out of style. A background in classical design and computer systems technology has enabled him to roam between between the worlds of design and development. Dave hails from Saskatoon, SK where he works as a freelance contractor and spends his free time running a Front-End focused user group called SaskJavaScript (<a href=""http://www.saskjavascript.com"" target=""_blank"">www.saskjavascript.com</a>)."	davidmosher@gmail.com	blog.davemo.com	blog.davemo.com	dmosher	davidmosher.jpg	DAVEMO Consulting	"Saskatoon, SK"
159	Tom	Opgenorth	"Tom is long time software developer with 18 years of professional experience starting with a wide spectrum of platforms and technologies. He finds it very odd speaking of himself in the third person, but is doing so anyway. He is currently an independent consulting with a strong focus on Agile, Web and Mobile development based out of Edmonton, Alberta."	tom@opgenorth.net	www.opgenorth.net	www.opgenorth.net	topgenorth	nopic.jpg	NULL	"Sherwood Park, AB"
139	David	Paquette	"<p>David is as passionate about hands-on software development as he is about engaging others in striving for quality software that solves real-world business problems.  David has several years of experience in developing software solutions for energy and agricultural companies, where he has always been a strong advocate for agile best practices.  He currently works for P2 Energy Solutions, where he leads development of commercial products using .NET.  David enjoys staying on top of the latest technologies, and in his spare time has built and published Windows Phone 7 and Windows 8 apps.</p><p>David has a Master’s Degree in Computer Science from the University of Saskatchewan and is active the software community, presenting at local events and international conferences. David currently serves as the President of the Calgary .Net User Group.</p>"	david.paquette@usask.ca	davepaquette.com/	davepaquette.com/	NULL	davidpaquette.jpg	P2 Energy Solutions	"Calgary, AB"
173	Brett	Park	"Brett Park is one of the founders of Shiverware Interactive Software Developments Inc. Shiverware is a company founded on making interactive Apps for mobile devices. Brett has been lead developer for both of Shiverware's major releases: Musix and SpeakBeat. In order to stimulate the iOS community in Saskatchewan, Brett created the Saskatchewan iOS Group (SKiOS) which brings together marketers, developers, and designers to learn more about the iOS world. Brett also has experience with teaching mobile computing classes at the University of Regina. As well as his work with Shiverware, Brett is also pursuing his Ph.D in Computer Science at the University of Regina."	NULL	NULL	NULL	NULL	brettpark.jpg	Shiverware	"Regina, SK"
175	Omer	Qureshi	"Leading solution sales for the strategic and enterprise accounts segment in Northwest Territory for emerging business (vFabric & Cloud Foundry) @ VMware. The key accounts includes Starbucks, Nordstrom, Disney, Expedia, Costco, Nike, Columbia Sports and T-Mobile etc. The role requires building deep relationships with the CIO/CTOs and with the key partners and service providers for landing GTM."	NULL	NULL	NULL	NULL	nopic.jpg	VMware	"Seattle, WA"
146	Steve	Rogalsky	"Steve Rogalsky first started experimenting with agile and lean techniques as a child. He learned the importance of ‘test first’ and the folly of ‘test last’ after starting a snow ball fight with the older kids in the neighbourhood. While playing the popular lego game of ‘zoom your vehicle towards your brother’s vehicle and see which one breaks first’, he honed his simple design and iterative development skills.  Steve is a process hacker, accomplished agilist, and co-founder of the Winnipeg Agile User Group. Passionate about his family, working with people, solving problems, coaching, agile, lean, and continuous improvement. Blogs at http://winnipegagilist.blogspot.com"	steve@rogalsky.ca	winnipegagilist.blogspot.com	www.protegra.com	srogalsky	steverogalsky.jpg	Protegra	"Winnipeg, MB"
169	Eden	Rohatensky	"Eden Rohatensky is a UX and graphic designer that has experience in both mobile and web. After leaving her position as a Mobile & Web Designer for GasBuddy.com, Eden moved on to work as a freelance web developer. She is also a Computer Science student at the University of Regina. Eden has worked closely with both the University of Regina's Computer Science Student Society and Regina's hackerspace, CrashBang Labs, to help build the development community around her."	edenrohatensky@gmail.com	NULL	NULL	edenthecat	edenrohatensky.jpg	Bravo Tango	"Regina, SK"
174	Darrel	Sharpe	"<p>Darrel Sharpe is a Staff Systems Engineer at VMware, working with customers to design and implement enterprise software systems with VMware's vFabric products.  Previously, he has been pre-sales, a consultant, a research engineer, an information systems security engineer, and technical support.  Darrel has (because of his career path or, perhaps, in spite of it) a great passion for process improvement and analysis.  He has a Masters degree in Computer Science awarded by The Johns Hopkins University.</p><p>He enjoys home brewing, golf, and running in his spare time. He also has been the recipient of the prestigious Participant"" ribbon multiple times throughout his life.</p>"	NULL	NULL	NULL	NULL	nopic.jpg	VMware	NULL
155	Simon	Timms	"Some say that he doesn’t understand toasters and that he can out squint Clint Eastwood all we know is that he’s called Simon Timms. Simon is a founder of Wopsle and currently works as a developer for GeoTrac International.<br /><br />GeoTrac is a leader in GPS fleet management focusing on the oil sector in Western Canada.  Simon’s background is in release management, source control and .net development but he now spends his days working on distributed systems and applying whatever nonsense he just read on Fowler’s blog. This week it is opportunistic refactoring."	stimms@gmail.com	NULL	geotracinternational.com	stimms	simontimms.jpg	NULL	"Calgary, AB"
140	Brent	Watson	"Brent is a software developer by profession and a geek at heart.  He has previously worked for GE Healthcare and SaskTel building enterprise application.  He is currently at IDnoodle working on mobile application development.  Outside of work, Brent is a facilitator for the Regina Technology Community, owns his own software company - Brent Watson Technologies Inc., and is an author.  Brent's presentations are always visually entertaining and packed full of information."	brent@brentwatson.com	NULL	www.brentwatson.com	brent_watson	brentwatson.jpg	Brent Watson Technologies Inc.	"Regina, SK"
84	David	Wesst	"David Wesst is a Senior User Experience Specialist at Imaginet based out of Winnipeg, Manitoba. Since earning his Bachelor of Computer Science, David has always been passionate about user experience and technology. He has continued to follow his passion by focusing his professional efforts on user interface and user experience development for all types of software over the past five years. Outside of development, David spends a great portion of his time working with the community to educate them on the importance of user experience. David is also an avid presenter at conferences ranging from Microsoft TechDays to smaller more intimate community events where he takes a practical look at HTML5 and how developers can use it to benefit the businesses they work for. Through his community work, David has earned the title of Microsoft MVP in the area of Internet Explorer and continues to educate the technology community about the latest in web standards and how to apply them in real-world scenarios."	david@wes.st	www.davidwesst.com	www.davidwesst.com	davidwesst	davewesst.jpg	Imaginet	"Winnipeg, MB"
158	Dale	Zack	"Dale Zak is mobile developer passionate about using technology for social change. Over the past four years he has contributed to open source communities like Ushahidi and FrontlineSMS, and currently working with UN OCHA to develop mobile apps to help with humanitarian response. Dale has also coordinated several social good initiatives including establishing Repurposed Labs to re-purpose used computers into public internet terminals for low income communities and deployed I Vote Because map to spark a pro-democracy movement why voting is important in Canada. His next endeavor is launching Whitespace Initiatives, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to bridge the gaps between groups in need with individuals with the skills to provide solutions."	NULL	NULL	NULL	dalezak	dalezak.jpg	NULL	NULL
